hey Steve Fisher California trying to
talk to them about speed out of the bar
in the Queen so how to transition
quickly into Mars where the questions
are we get a lot so we're going to talk
about is a couple exercises that you can
do to improve speed under the bar but
really what you want to think about
while you're trying to move with more
speed so first of all speed is generated
under the bar primarily through
executing the top pole correctly so the
reverse threat shortening cycle that we
get through the hip flexor combined with
the active armhole underneath the bar is
where the speed is going to be generated
so one of the best ways to do that is
just to start from the carceral range
movement at the hip what we call
position one so from the power position
jumping catch what we want to achieve is
the feet come down the exact same time
the elbows complete their rotation hips
come through through the top of the pole
its retreat another great exercise that
you can do to improve speed in the bar
is start from a static position off
blocks so I like particularly to start
with the bar at the knees or just below
the knees so that we can get the athlete
in the position where they feel a
stretch reflex starting to develop or
stretch through their hamstrings so that
stretch reflex that we develop through
the pull allows us to accelerate the bar
into the power position so from here all
Rob's going to think about is pulling
his chest up into the power position and
moving through the top cushion
under the bar much speed as he can
generate again feet come down the same
time that the elbows complete their
rotation from a static start he's just
going to pull his chest up
keep you accelerating under the bar just
to extend through the top of the
movement make sure that you're finishing
the top portion of the pole so do you
develop that hip flexor reverse
while you're actively pulling yourself
under thanks for watching so the weight
the weight stays on the heels to power
our position is developed and then we
simply jump in cash